their nerd army it is time guys once
again for another dual reaction so today
I'm gonna be having a guest on my
channel that is gonna be my buddy Tim I
will leave the links for Tim's channel
down in the description below but I'm
gonna let Tim get into an introduce this
trailer for us so what you got for us
today Tim thank you Andrew um hey guys
I'm Tim so this is an exciting day
because I'm gonna be doing this duo
reaction with my awesome awesome buddy
Andrew from nurse mirai's and yeah I
will be joining him on doing this
reaction
in America's biggest insult to Japanese
culture cash in on their inspiring
rights to Dragon Ball it's an adaptation
that steals from everything except the
source material matrix
Last Airbender is the most basic of all
the airbending techniques oh come on
win the Sigma would pick a Lewis games
is a time to remember that is somehow
Goku
a student at video game high school must
find the Dragon Balls before something
about an eclipse or something about this
which is a guy he just man back to life
at the end of the movie but he just lets
the man who raised him from birth stay
dead that's what I said I can take that
special thanks to t4 boy that smart I
mean it's pretty stupid too it's I mean
stupid in the good ways in a very good
way you know I mean the movie itself was
freedom
anyways it takes community to do that
creativity to do dat and I watch their
behind the scenes thing about making an
awesome might be hanging an honest
trailer and was pure awesomeness is
quite awesome and yes I want to thank
you
Andrew for this outstanding experience
being fair awesome doing this video I'm
very honored to do this with you so yeah
guys if you haven't subscribed to him
subscribe to Andrew who nurse mirai's
now why because he does this podcasts
and awesome comic and Nerdist stuffs and
whatnot trailer breakdowns reviews and
yeah I've joined so why don't you guys
join his nerd army and so we won't miss
his reactions every single day and yeah
thank you Andrew for this thank you guys
for watching I'll see you guys later
I'm Tim signing out Andrew so guys thank
Tim once again guys thank you very much
Tim for joining me on my channel it's
been a lot of fun this was a horrible
fucking movie and one minute Tim first
talked about collaborating I want to
find something that was epically
epically fucking ridiculous what do you
think honest trailer for Dragonball
Evolution since that movie was crap on
top of crap on the amoebas floating on
the flees on crap yeah so I mean you
guys I really enjoyed this video I know
Tim did let me know what you guys
thought about this video and our
reactions to this video down in the
comments below guys make sure you guys
hit that like thumbs up button if you
would be so kind and make sure you smash
that subscribe button to keep up with me
and mr. Tim with all the reactions we do
all the time guys so thank you very much
for tuning in
thank you again Tim for join in in this
dual reaction with me and I will see you
guys next time right here on Nerdist
PISA
you